Take a look, Rome Academy of Fine Arts.
In the world’s art capital,
the Rome Academy of Fine Arts in Italy,
with its eternal history,
profound cultural significance,
and renowned art education…
This letter… that
terrifying man
and his friend were speaking
Italian.
He… he’s not Italian, is he?
It can’t be that coincidental, right?
If I run into him again,
he wouldn’t really
snap my neck, would he?
Taking a step back,
even if he is Italian,
Italy is huge,
I couldn’t possibly run into him again.
Linlin, the climate in Europe,
the environment, the culture,
and the food habits
are completely different
from Bangkok. Over there,
you must take good care of yourself.
Got it, Mom. Don’t worry.
Alright.
If you need anything,
you can call me anytime.
Thank you, Uncle.
I’m off. Bye.